chore: Remove the NextAPI (#1599)
promptfoo/promptfoo: site/docs/usage/web-ui.md

Shared data is temporarily stored on our servers, and permanently deleted after 2 weeks, at which point the URL will cease to function. Shared data is "private" in the sense that the UUID-based URL is unguessable, but if you publish your URL then anyone can access it (similar to a Github secret gist).

> You can configre the webviewer to share to your own hosted PromptFoo instance by clicking on the API Settings button in the top right of the viewer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the web viewer to share to your own hosted Promptfoo instance by clicking on the API Settings button in the top right of the viewer.
```
